Extend Checkpoints with new sizes and lookup mechanisms (#3589)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

 * `SafeCast`: optimize downcasting of signed integers. ([#3565](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3565))
 * `ERC20FlashMint`: add an internal `_flashFee` function for overriding. ([#3551](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3551))
 * `VestingWallet`: remove unused library `Math.sol`. ([#3605](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3605))

>  * `Checkpoints`: Use provedural generation to support multiple key/value lengths. ([#3589](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3589))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `Checkpoints`: Use procedural generation to support multiple key/value lengths. ([#3589](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3589))
```

 * `Checkpoints`: Add new lookup mechanisms. ([#3589](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3589))

>  * `Array`: Add `unsafeAccess` functions that allow reading and writting to a element in a storage array while bypassing solidity's "out-of-array" check. ([#3589](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3589))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `Array`: Add `unsafeAccess` functions that allow reading and writting to an element in a storage array bypassing Solidity's "out-of-bounds" check. ([#3589](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3589))
```
